silliest thing to himself gluteus medius
piriformis sciatic nerve superior
gemellus obturator internus inferior
gemellus quadratus femoris rubberband
you want these - yes biceps femoris long
head shortened semitendinosus it's the
top one don't send me member notice the
bottom a big mess sciatic nerve right
and then it's gonna split all of this
here this is from before all this here
is ad doctor
don't Magnus
tensor fasciae latae iliotibial tract
all this muscle under it vastus
lateralis rectus femoris vastus medialis
gastrocnemius lateral head medial head
calcaneal tendon soleus
tendon of the plantaris client tears
and this is still this all years like
this one yeah
tibula this is the flexor pollicis
longus flexor digitorum longus tibialis
posterior popliteus
fibularis longus and there's its tendon
fibularis brevis under it
anterior tibialis
extensor digitorum these toes
and underneath it
whoops extensive house as long as this
one is for so similar okay good you